users: Add --skip-port-probing option and update generate behavior (#706)
syncthing/docs: users/syncthing.rst

The initial setup of a device ID and default configuration can be called
explicitly with the ``generate`` subcommand.  It can also update the configured
GUI authentication credentials, without going through the REST API.  An existing
device certificate is left untouched.  If the configuration file already exists,

> it is validated and any missing entries added with default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is validated and updated to the latest configuration schema, including
adding default values for added options.
```
